Note about SNTP for Shelly (#19281)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/shelly.markdown

</div>

## Additional info

> Shelly's devices rely on [SNTP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_Time_Protocol) for some of their features, like power measurement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shelly devices rely on [SNTP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_Time_Protocol#SNTP) for features like power measurement.
```

> Please ensure that the configured server is reacheable.

Reviewer: How? Where?

Author: Detailed

> Please check from the device Web UI that the configured server is reacheable.

Reviewer 2: - `reacheable` -> `reachable`

Author: Opened PR to fix the typo ;-)

Reviewer 2: Thanks, @chemelli74 👍
